The following specification is only refer to the situation when you connect the module with the PC via the TTL to USB 
cable and use our software to read the data.
1. Install the serial driver (if you already have it, please ignore this step.
2. Click the ¡¾run¡¿document to register, after it hint registered succefully, you can use the software. If you can't register,
please try the following step:
   1). right click the ¡¾run¡¿----Then choose administrator run
   2). it it is still problem, please copy the document and put it on the system disk directory (such as the desktop) or other 
folder to try register again.
3. In the parameters setting interface, if it is gray, that means it can not be amend.
4. At present, this software is a stand-alone version and does not support multi-computer communication. If you want to 
use multiple communication boxes at the same time, please write your own software or code.
5. The power alarm mode is the red display of the power data in the software display interface. There is no alarm signal 
output driver port on this communication box.

6. This product communication protocol is standard Modbus-RTU. If users use serial assistant or write their own code, 
please pay attention to the format and calculation method of the check code:
  CRC is a common CR16 check format, if you can write code, you will understand easily;
  The software MODEBUSRTU debugging tool CRC16 version can be debugged.
  The following is the CRC calculation method:
    1£©. Place the 16-bit register is all 1 as the CRC register.
    2£©.To distinguish an 8-bit data from the low bytes of a 16-bit CRC register XOR, Put the results in the CRC register.
    3)  .Move the contents of the registers one bit to the right (toward the bottom bit) and fill in the top bit with 0, 
          check the lowest bit (removal bit).
    4)  .If the lowest bit is 0, repeat 2.3 (re-shift); if the lowest bit is 1, CRC Register and Polynomial A001H (1010 0000 0000 0001)
          ) Make XOR.
    5)  .Repeat 2.3 and 2.4 until you move 8 times to the right, so that the whole 8-bit data is complete. 2.6 Repeat 2.2-2.5, 
          to process the next 8-bit data.
    6)  .After processing all data bytes of a frame, get the CRC-16 register. 2.8. Exchange low byte and high byte of CRC-16 register,
          to get the CRC-16 code.